docs: update list of providers which support refresh tokens (#2112)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/docs/configuration/overview.md

| `--whitelist-domain` | string \| list | allowed domains for redirection after authentication. Prefix domain with a `.` or a `*.` to allow subdomains (e.g. `.example.com`, `*.example.com`)&nbsp;\[[2](#footnote2)\] | |
| `--trusted-ip` | string \| list | list of IPs or CIDR ranges to allow to bypass authentication (may be given multiple times). When combined with `--reverse-proxy` and optionally `--real-client-ip-header` this will evaluate the trust of the IP stored in an HTTP header by a reverse proxy rather than the layer-3/4 remote address. WARNING: trusting IPs has inherent security flaws, especially when obtaining the IP address from an HTTP header (reverse-proxy mode). Use this option only if you understand the risks and how to manage them. | |

> \[<a name="footnote1">1</a>\]: Only these providers support `--cookie-refresh`: Azure, GitLab, Google and OIDC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\[<a name="footnote1">1</a>\]: The following providers support `--cookie-refresh`: ADFS, Azure, GitLab, Google, Keycloak and all other Identity Providers who support the full OIDC specification
```

| `--trusted-ip` | string \| list | list of IPs or CIDR ranges to allow to bypass authentication (may be given multiple times). When combined with `--reverse-proxy` and optionally `--real-client-ip-header` this will evaluate the trust of the IP stored in an HTTP header by a reverse proxy rather than the layer-3/4 remote address. WARNING: trusting IPs has inherent security flaws, especially when obtaining the IP address from an HTTP header (reverse-proxy mode). Use this option only if you understand the risks and how to manage them. | |
| `--encode-state` | bool | encode the state parameter as UrlEncodedBase64 | false |

> [^1]: The following providers support `--cookie-refresh`: ADFS, Azure, GitLab, Google, Keycloak and all other Identity Providers who support the full OIDC specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: The following providers support `--cookie-refresh`: ADFS, Azure, GitLab, Google, Keycloak and all other Identity Providers which support the full [OIDC specification](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#RefreshTokens)
```
